SOA services should be independent of other services.
Altering a service should not affect the client calling the service.
Services should be able to define themselves (in the Web Service Description Languatge (WSDL))
Services should be able to describe what they do. It should be able to tell the client what all of the operations it does, 
what are all the data types it uses and what kind of value it will return.
 Web services use open standards and protocols like HTTP, XML and SOAP
 
 [WebMethod] attribute -Attaching the WebMethod attribute to a Public method indicates that you want the method exposed as 
 part of the XML Web service.
 Any method marked with the WebMethod attribute must be defined as public. 
 
 <h6>Some points to remember</h6>
 Hyper Text Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is the protocol widely used by web services to send and receive messages.
 
The messaging is done usinig the Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP). SOAP messages are in XML format.
(SOAP is a standardized protocol that sends messages using other protocols such as HTTP)
--What is WSDL and what is it's purpose? How is a proxy class generated? What is the use of a proxy class?
What actually happens when a web service reference is added?

Visual Studio generates a proxy class using the Web Service Description Language (WSDL) document of the web service.
The WSDL document formally defines a web service. It contains:
-All the methods that are exposed by the web service
-the parameters and their types
-The return types of the methods
This information is then used by Visual Studio to create the proxy class. The client application calls the proxy class method.
The proxy class will then serialize the parameters, prepare a SOAP request message and send it to the web service
The web service executes the method and returns a SOAP response message to the proxy
The proxy class will then deserialize the SOAP response message and hand it the client application.
We don't need to serialize or deserialize .Net CLR objects to and from SOAP format. The proxy class takes care of serialization and deserialization
